Write a 3 sentence introduction of yourself.

Example:
* Graduated from some school.
* Worked previously as a something
* Have X background in coding before this bootcamp.

Why are you learning to code?
I like to build things.

Create a 10 item outline of what you plan to present.

Example:
* Why I choose this site idea.
* The purpose of the website.
* Color Choices (Why these colors fit my audience)
* Font Choices (Why these fonts)
* Layout (What am I trying to draw attention to on each page)
* My code layout (Separate files for css and html)
* Naming Conventions
* Use of id's and classses as selectors
* Order of CSS properties (positioning, box, style, typography)
* Color: These colors are compliments. The color blue builds brand trust.


1.  I graduated from the University of Oklahoma with a Bachelors in
    Business Administration. I have worked as Analytics Consultant and have
    a background in SQL, SAS, VBA, with limited R and Python programming languages.
    I am learning to code because i enjoy solving problems and building
    comprehensive solutions and tools.

2.
a. I was a poor college kid that had to do all my own work on a high
   maintenance car i needed to get to school and work but needed more
   time to find the information i needed to do the repair than it took to repair it.

b. This website is to provide a single location for any resources any DIY'rs
   need to work on their car.

c. I chose blue to instill trust in the information provided and i chose orange
   to add energy to the site and support the shopping aspect of the site so users
   feel that staying on this site to shop would be economical and our prices are
   competitive.

d. I chose this futuristic space like font to support the name "Smart"-auto and
   convey to the user that this is the new way to to access resources for their
   projects the "Automotive resource website of the future" and trust the information
   provided.

e. Im trying to draw attention to the features that get the users to the resources
   they need (search bar, vehicle selector, video area).

f. I like to bea able to easily see my code by breaking it up into sections so i can
   easily see the individual sections from the mini map and then quickly locate it
   in the editor window.

g. I kept my naming conventions similar to bootstrap but specifically descriptive to its
   area and function.

h. I used mainly classes because most of my features will have reusable parts that i will
   use later in my code and only used ids only for specific features such as my modal.

i. I split my CSS code into the main css that effects all or many pages and areas.
   Then broke my code into their individual pages and then the individual areas in a page.
   Starting with the most important or encompassing elements and then narrow down as needed.

j. My colors are complements and instill trust in the information and an economical feeling
   for purchasing.







I chose to build this automotive
resource site because i grew up without the money to pay other people
to do things for me. I always had to find my own solution to a problem
and complete it my self, so if i didnt know how to do something or know
enough to even start working on a solution i had to learn and learn quickly.
This was never more evident than when i was in college and i was my poorest,
and this was also the time where i relied on my vehicle the most. I needed my
car to get to school and then to get to work. Without my car i would not have
been able to do either. I had an old Chrysler LHS sedan that always needed a lot
of work and maintenance to keep it running.
